Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony Garcia.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a couple hours. So I'm not quite caffeinated. But, so we might be nice and easy is Borden
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't notice I had opened a note earlier that we
Gwenevere Abriel: Can take a peek at how you feel you're doing on some of your goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can make some new ones close some if you know like them anymore just kind of keep them current. So the first one I have is I want to go back to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last thing I wrote was for 24 client reported I researched different schools to see what interests. I have client plans to read right heart health. Personality Inventory taken Wednesday. So where are you at with this as of today.
Anthony Garcia: I'm just like,
Anthony Garcia: This could, I could either interest of mine. I still research it still sometimes when I'm bored at home. I'll look it up and just kind of look programs and stuff.
Anthony Garcia: Whether that's about the extent of it.
Anthony Garcia: Is still a goal, I would like to keep it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, absolutely. I'll just extend it to June 22
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful, right. Next one, say, three grand for a place to live. Alright, so, part of that is you sort of having this awareness. Now, this is me not you sort of something I see which is still this mistrust of self to reach out and hear how much is over there with sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just curious if you know if you if you found out
Anthony Garcia: I haven't found out yet, but I think my, I think it's like 2200 or something like that. But I could be wrong because I've been wrong before I thought that it was a certain amount. And when it came down to it, I was off quite a few hundred so
Anthony Garcia: I just, to me, is the money's there.
Anthony Garcia: I'm not going to touch it. I will like to add to it. But right now I'm kind of
Anthony Garcia: Doing some things. So I guess I'm just
Anthony Garcia: Not really worried about a place to live. You know, I just fix this whole room up it's
Anthony Garcia: I've already put furniture in and it's, you know, I'm not really in the need of a place to live right now. So kind of thinking of what I may be doing something with that money differently.
Anthony Garcia: Like
Anthony Garcia: Buying vehicles fixing them up selling them on.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got options because you have that money there, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: And then I don't really needed for a place to live right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just one more statement about
Gwenevere Abriel: What it is, what might happen if you knew the exact amount, what might happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the first answer first thing that comes to
Anthony Garcia: Spending it in my head, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you don't know what the exact number is
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what do you gain from that best guess first thing that comes to mind.
Anthony Garcia: The one is just there. And I don't even think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I don't think about it.
Anthony Garcia: Never like I don't know. I used to, but now I just never crossed my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll leave that there. And it sounds like the money itself is less, less the issue rather to apartment, a place to live is less of an issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this notion of having this savings in a sense is really what this is about.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll take another look at it in a month and see what your thoughts are then
Gwenevere Abriel: We may end up changing it to make it something more current like I don't know what it will find out then because it doesn't sound like you're saving for a place to live.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my, my question is,
Gwenevere Abriel: If there becomes an explosive dynamic in that house you're in
Gwenevere Abriel: Then this goal might pop right back up again. So I'm really reluctant to get rid of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's keep talking.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can push back and say, No, I want to close it to me. It's your it's your treatment plan. I just help help you get there so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, manage my stress and anger, like so many people, that's a lot of what people are working on. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on April 24 I hate when people barge in my just my daughter just wanted to know where I was number that was the thing that happened in vivo and it happened right then you're like, oh, I'm telling myself better and then
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, she had came come in the room.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, because she doesn't really knock and stuff because
Anthony Garcia: I guess.
Anthony Garcia: She has come comfortable enough I guess just to walk in, but I sometimes tell her I'm in a meeting and stuff that it can come in here and that day, she came in while we're in the meeting and stuff and upset me
Anthony Garcia: Because I asked for this one hour of the whole day.
Anthony Garcia: As like a private time for myself and
Anthony Garcia: I want that our, you know, I don't want 20 minutes later 15 minutes of it. I want the whole hour it's, you know, this is like a private session. And I don't know. I just don't want people to hear what I'm saying, and stuff.
Okay.
Anthony Garcia: Just house echoes enough through the events ad
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can hear a little bit. I got some echoing in here as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pop up and this is increased knowledge to psycho education, experience and psychotherapy underlying psychosocial factors human emotional dysregulation
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm thinking maybe just based on what you just said. I liked it today maybe review a little bit about boundaries worksheet and see if maybe we can design a specific goal around
Gwenevere Abriel: your comfort level with setting those with your daughter. And we might bump into what love looks like we might bump into
Gwenevere Abriel: Your discomfort in asserting yourself and not being afraid that you're going to lose someone's affection and love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will probably bump into that, like most people do when it's a discussion about boundaries so I won't be surprised, but let's keep writing little statements here so that we can get to some therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client will learn and implement behavioral cognitive strategies to overcome depression, as evidenced by client virtualization baba same goal manage my stress and anger and what I had recommended was
Gwenevere Abriel: That you implement behavioral and cognitive strategies. So let's see what you, I realized something. Something April 24 client reports using
Gwenevere Abriel: Do not infer intent from outcome you were using this to some degree, and you are experiencing some positive benefit from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's that going. Now, how are you doing as far as taking maybe rather not taking things personally, but rather, being able to see someone else's perspective as theirs and theirs alone, and that it is not danger.
Anthony Garcia: I'm pretty much using it. I'm
Anthony Garcia: Not sure if I'm using it properly, all the time, but I try not to.
Anthony Garcia: I try not to let anybody say or do things.
Anthony Garcia: To bother me anymore. You know, because
Anthony Garcia: I will not get angry about it is what I'm trying not to do. I mean, I still get like ticked off sometimes or I can't really remember all the details of every time I got mad, but there's times throughout the day where I kind of, you know, pissed off.
Anthony Garcia: But other than that, I mean, I, I, you know, just like last night.
Anthony Garcia: My mom made me some rice and stuff to bring over here in the Tupperware and you know I tell everybody. There it is. You know what
Anthony Garcia: Scoop out a little bit, put it on a plate one went up in the micro that will put the rest of the fridge. So before I came into my room to lay down my daughter was still a little older. Can you put the rice inside of
Anthony Garcia: Me and she said, Yeah, yeah, I'll do that. I'll do that.
Anthony Garcia: Well, this morning I woke up to go make me a cup of coffee, just not even 15 minutes ago. And the rice was still out
Anthony Garcia: And now it's no good.
Anthony Garcia: And it's a lot of it to, you know, and my mom gave me that rice to last me a couple days.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. It doesn't matter. You know what Shiloh, she didn't tend to do it, you know.
Anthony Garcia: I just know that my daughter forgets.
Anthony Garcia: Things very easily. So
Anthony Garcia: I didn't go to a room to knock on the door and say, Hey, why did you do this. Why didn't you do that, why did you do this.
Anthony Garcia: I just, you know, I left it as so far. So to now I'm the flow. So when I see her. I'm just gonna kind of reassure next time that she needs to, like, pay attention or, or at least like do what I asked her to do or something.
Anthony Garcia: I grow to be very honest.
Anthony Garcia: I love her. With all my heart. I just, I need some space, you know,
Anthony Garcia: No.
Anthony Garcia: I didn't. I don't know. I'm thinking about taking a vacation or something like the weekend or something.
Anthony Garcia: This House get away from everybody here Memorial days Monday, I don't think we're going to work that day. So I'm gonna have the Sunday and Monday off.
Anthony Garcia: By just taking a drive of North Saturday afternoon and just
Anthony Garcia: Gone, you know, nobody knows where I'm at. Nobody knows where I'm going. I might just tell my mom. That's it.
Anthony Garcia: I'm just very irritated.
Anthony Garcia: The way people do things around here and it's
Anthony Garcia: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: It's, I can't get mad. You know, it's like, I want to get pissed off and yell and
Anthony Garcia: And I don't know, get more get everybody pissed off and have them feel like what I feel. But
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and so therapy therapy saying no, don't do that. And, and there's a bit of an unwillingness to do what the recommendation is because it's foreign it's uncomfortable feels weird feels feminine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're kind of stuck.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, kind of. That's why I kind of feel like just like taking a drive up north going seen my godfather for a couple of days and spend some time up there, you know, it's like the country out there. So it's peaceful, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it. That's a good idea. And so a lot more people are home with the quarantine and
Gwenevere Abriel: The intensity right of the cohabitation living with anyone is difficult, doesn't matter who you are, right, because we're we have different preferences. It's a and what you're bumping into again is is about pretty decent.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, and I don't wanna
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to hurt my daughter's feelings you know and and i want to be mean to her anything but
Anthony Garcia: Even. Another thing, yesterday I took her to Isabella, her, her cousin's house.
Anthony Garcia: They said they're gonna go for a walk. They went to the school across the street, it became like 745 almost eight o'clock getting dark that she texted me said can you pick me up.
Anthony Garcia: So I went over to that school and I'm parked there and I'm trying to call her because I don't see her or my niece and she don't pick up her phone. So I wait another five minutes I call again. She has
Anthony Garcia: So I'm like the hell's going on all of a sudden she texts me on that LBJ, this is a myth. The middle school, elementary two minutes ago now, she's at the middle school or where the other side.
Anthony Garcia: So I came home and then when she got home. It seemed like she was a little bit like I've said almost like teary a little bit like she was wondering why they picked her up.
Anthony Garcia: And I told her you know you told me the wrong place. You know, I don't know, I just yesterday she bugged me to this morning. She told me about the rise day
Anthony Garcia: And I just don't want to blow up at her or do something or say something that's gonna you know linger on for months or years you know that's that's why i just want to get out of here for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're off, you have two options in your mind. It is repression, which is where you stop everything down or you have explosion. Those are your two you've created for yourself and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to have a consequence.
Anthony Garcia: Well, yeah, because I've been holding a lot back and
Anthony Garcia: And it seems like she just keeps doing it keeps doing it and I'm I'm pleading with her to to not do these things. And as she keeps doing them and
Anthony Garcia: It's, it's like I'm boiling up you know I'm trying to keep calm. I'm trying to stay. You know, I'm trying to do the things that I learned, you know, but I don't know. She's like, really getting on my last nerves and I'm not. These are my hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and let's let's stay there because that includes everything that includes all the skills necessary to to meet this this desire to have a change in stress to change and anger and I know how much you value your relationship with your daughter so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to share something with you. I was doing this training and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not like I don't do this all the time. But there was something about the way this this trainer. It was on the topic. The topic was attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and a lot has changed about it since I was originally trained
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm listening to hours and hours and hours of all kinds of training like over
Gwenevere Abriel: But anyway, my point is, is that this woman says something. So here's the scenario.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's the therapist right and her client is a teenager and she says to the teenager you. You can reach me between nine and 5pm
Gwenevere Abriel: I will call you right back or I'll pick up the phone, but I'll be able to call you right back then. Or we can schedule an appointment to meet between nine and five.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kids like yeah okay
Gwenevere Abriel: But what ends up happening is this teenager calls at 15 minutes after five and doesn't get a call back
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they reconnect and the team says, well, you didn't call me right. I didn't call me back. And then you weren't available or so it's something like that. So just, I'll get to my point here. Sounds too far away.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Unfair purses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was close. For know the kid says, but I was close. Right. I was close. I was just 15 minutes just 15 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: And the therapist basically says this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, gosh, I can't believe I'm forgetting the phrase, but the funny part is close only counts in for shoes and
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the explosion things not bombs, but um
Gwenevere Abriel: What are those little around they explode.
Gwenevere Abriel: We use them in in the military.
Gwenevere Abriel: Explode but anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: grenade. Thank you. Thank you. And you know I've done. I said this thing to someone yesterday and I couldn't remember that word either. It's like, it's like my Brian just my mind rejects like violence or something. Is that I'm word won't stay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so close only counts. Like, it's an old thing because only counts with
Gwenevere Abriel: horseshoes and grip and grenades. Well, that isn't what this woman said to the kid that's what she was saying to us sort of as an audience, but I liked it. Something and to and I'm saying close has a relevance.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what she ends up saying to this teenager is you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to teach you to mistreat me
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you might do it to others. And then you'll be lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to say that again. So, right. So just imagine that this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I'm talking to your daughter and I'm a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I say, sweetheart. If I teach you
Gwenevere Abriel: To miss treat me
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm teaching you. It's okay to miss treat other people and you might get hurt. You might be lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we do that, I might be setting you up for that. So if we
Gwenevere Abriel: If we set it up so that
Gwenevere Abriel: You respect what I'm asking. In this home then you'll treat people that way and you won't be lonely people will want to hang around you, they'll believe you. When you say you're going to do something.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I liked it. And the key piece had to do with this word lonely and I was like, Oh, I've never thought it all the way out that far.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mostly do it. You'll see it in the therapy. I'll say.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, all I know. This is how long I meet. This is the schedule, right. You've seen it in here right you'll see my own limits setting, you'll use to kind of feel it in their little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe with other people to in group or something. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that is actually a difficult thing to do. I will tell you it is difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the recipient of anything other than
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me have what I want
Gwenevere Abriel: No one wants to hear no client. Nobody. Nobody likes it. And basically, no matter how fancy I get it's still no
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody likes thing or no. So my intentions are good, but just. Do you hear the intention behind it. If I let you disrespect me if I'm a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I like if I teach you that it's okay to take advantage of me. The closest enough that I have to just put up with 15 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: When what I really need is an hour and a half, and it says that I'm not important. And I'm not valuable and maybe you'll let other people treat you that way. Maybe you'll treat other people that way. And I don't want to teach you that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you know where my bad. I, I need
Gwenevere Abriel: I need this hour. So when I say that I don't want anybody knocking on my door, unless the house is Bernard someone's passing our bleed. Now please don't knock on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is really important time and sweetheart, when you are on your phone with one of your BFS. And I'm and I start to knock and you say, I'm on the phone down for an hour. And I'll say, okay, sweetheart.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will show you the same respect because you know what we actually all want it and need it. It feels good to know. I have my own my own little psychological boundary and space. We also want connection, but we also need time away.
All
Anthony Garcia: The time away time is like, that's what I need it. I've been thinking about it for weeks now even like set mentioning it like at work and stuff like I think I'm gonna take a little time off, you know,
Anthony Garcia: It's, I think it's just that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you now that we're
Anthony Garcia: getting to that point, you know, it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: But I spent on
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything I spent a lot of time talking about another piece you already know how to run away.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not what I just talked about, what did I, what did I. What was I really talking about the hard stuff what was
It like
Anthony Garcia: Showing my daughter that you know that if she gives me the one hour, then I can give that to her. Also, you know, and we can have mutual respect for each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: That way, don't go away. This is too important to paraphrase that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being a father means teaching what respect looks like me say it again.
Anthony Garcia: And now I know why all my friends that have kids don't take care of their kids.
Anthony Garcia: There's even with their
Anthony Garcia: Parents things that I think the hardest thing I've ever ever tried to do
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really
Anthony Garcia: I just seems like I can get it.
Because
Anthony Garcia: I'm almost more pissed off at myself than anything else does, because I cannot get this right. I can. It seems like I'm doing everything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Anthony Garcia: When I tried it. I'm really excited that I'm doing something right.
Anthony Garcia: Now, and it blows up in my face and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know now Anthony, give yourself credit. That's not true. The truth is, yes, it's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is there's no reward in it. No one's gonna say you're an awesome dad or they're gonna be pissed off at you, they're going to resent you and you're not going to hear about how great you are until, you know, the kids 35 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe never and then you'll be on the therapist couch and they'll be talking about you and what you did someone like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's but hold on, that's not the only truth, there are other things your daughter trusts you enough to tell you about her difficulties, she trusts you enough she wants you to come get her she trusts you enough that you are not going to bite her head off.
Gwenevere Abriel: If she comes busting in the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not. Those are good things, those mean that she has access to you. That means you have
Gwenevere Abriel: An open boundary. Okay, that's a good thing. That means there's trust, but just because there's an open boundary and access to. You notice that you're getting overwhelmed and you want to go want to escape. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because the boundary to you the access to. You might be too porous to the holes are too big. So all I needs is a little bit tighter so so that role play. I did that piece I did about
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweetheart, I this job is hard now me. I'm very candid and open my whole family. They know I'm a therapist right they know and so say I can't, I can't show you
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't teach you that it's okay to to be disrespectful to overstep because you might think it's okay out there in the world to do that with a teacher with a friend with another mama was a dad with your brother with your dad I
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be your buddy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but right now this is a teaching moment I've got to show you that's not okay so here's what I'm going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I have a particular repertoire of things that work for some families and some of them work for me personally, and I go, do those. Now if you're
Gwenevere Abriel: If you, if you want to know ways to shape someone's behavior. I'm a family therapist and I'm happy to give them to you, but I don't know that you want to do them.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, because I just, I don't know, I just
Anthony Garcia: I know I don't want to be angry. I know I want to build a relationship or daughter.
Anthony Garcia: But like, at this very moment.
Anthony Garcia: I mean I'm not saying that I love being mad.
Anthony Garcia: But
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. It just feels good to be mad right now because this seems like I haven't been mad and weeks and months trying to like almost like force myself to to be happy and and stuff. But, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. Sometimes I got unleash that anger, you know, not saying that I gotta go fight or do something horrible to somebody. I just got to be able to say how I feel. At the time, and if it hurts her feelings. I mean, so be it. You know, it's like
Anthony Garcia: You know, I can
Anthony Garcia: Try to protect her away from her feelings getting hurt her whole life. She has to experience. So, one way or another.
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to be the one to do it. But I mean, she's on. I don't know. She's doing things every single day. That's like makes me mad enough to me. It almost feels purposely done
Anthony Garcia: Maybe she's trying to test me or something. I don't, I don't know what she's doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Anthony Garcia: You seems like she's doing it a lot and
Anthony Garcia: It's just, that's the only reason why I don't feel like talking about it or facing it. I just wanted to just go away for a couple days, just to kind of clear my mind before you know maybe I do do something or say something that I would REGRET REGRET like tomorrow.
Anthony
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sounding like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a friend right now to your daughter, your feelings are hurt and you're feeling disrespected, it's a different
Gwenevere Abriel: Experience to be in the role of parent, you still going to get your feelings hurt, but you do something else with it. We don't get to feel righteous. We don't get to lash out as parents we do it sometimes we do make mistakes, right. We're human.
Gwenevere Abriel: But right now the way you're talking it's I don't if you're honest because you might as well be with me. I think there's a part of you that really doesn't want to do the parenting piece. I think you just want to have a friend with her.
Anthony Garcia: And that makes a whole lot of sense. I mean, it just, it really makes a lot of sense because, to tell you the truth.
Anthony Garcia: This is like the most. I don't know. It's driving me crazy trying to be this apparent that I've never know. I've gone up my whole life practically without parents
Anthony Garcia: I know, and I don't remember how they were to me. I just remember they weren't there you know they were there. Don't get me wrong, they were they're just not there.
Anthony Garcia: I never had anybody to say
Anthony Garcia: This is how what's going on. This is how I feel. This is what happened to me in school today. No, no.
Anthony Garcia: My sister was busy with her life. I couldn't
Anthony Garcia: You know she was, she just 110 months older than me. So it's not like she knows too much during that time either. You know, even though she does by now.
Anthony Garcia: You know, because she's a good parent. She's raised my knees. Very well, my niece is very well respectful. She does. She never she doesn't do the things my daughter.
Anthony Garcia: She does it at all and
Anthony Garcia: And they're really close to each other, you know, and, and I was like, for her to kind of
Anthony Garcia: Look at Isabella and say that, you know, Isabel 17 almost 18 now and Caitlin's only 13 she can kind of learn from our little bit you know
Anthony Garcia: Because this is stuff that I cannot teach her right now. I don't know how I don't have the skills. I'm not a good parent really i'm not because I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: If I knew how if I was taught how to be a good parent. I could I do. But I don't know how. And it seems like I'm having a harder time every day with this and
Anthony Garcia: I don't go out. I don't see friends. I don't do anything but come home and try to be a parent every day and
Anthony Garcia: I hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so now we're getting we're getting closer and closer to to some raw stuff far away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we're saying some truth no more dancing around are saying it. That's why privacy is important because you've got to have somebody to be able to say these things to
Gwenevere Abriel: And even below that one. I don't know how I didn't have it modeled
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling angry. I just want to escape and below that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking is, there's a part of you that may not want to do it right now.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, because I really thought I did. And I really wanted to, but now that I'm doing it.
Anthony Garcia: It's
Anthony Garcia: I just don't know what to do anymore. It's like driving me crazy almost
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I don't
Anthony Garcia: Know how to
Anthony Garcia: Say things to her. I don't know everything I say and do
Anthony Garcia: Is wrong to her is wrong. I'm going to wrong, you know, she was like, She's always upset with me. Awesome. And
Anthony Garcia: You know, it's like before we used to hang out in the living room talk
Anthony Garcia: Lab.
Anthony Garcia: Do things. Now, the first thing I do take shower, I come into my room and I close my door. You know, I don't want to hear. See, and then people are talking about data. If you want to go eat dinner. I don't you know
Anthony Garcia: Don't care.
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to make dinner for you. I don't want to cook. Nothing. I don't want to get nothing for you just leave me alone.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so you're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Really unappreciated. Is that a piece of it.
Anthony Garcia: That too. I mean, that's always there. I guess you know I've always wanted to be appreciated throughout all the relationships and everything I've gone through my life, I've always looked for somebody to say, hey,
Anthony Garcia: You're doing a great job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yeah.
Anthony Garcia: And I've never gotten it. So, you know, I just, I kind of do it in the back burner. I don't care about
Anthony Garcia: But I want myself now to say I'm doing a good job and I can't even do that because I'm not, you know, I come home and I only want to see my topic.
Anthony Garcia: That can be a good job for a bother.
Anthony Garcia: The whole day work comes home and go straight to his room and close enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the way it is. So Anthony, that's the way it is. If we pretend like it's not happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we add this layer of shame to IT AND WE WON'T WANT TO DO THAT. DON'T, I WON'T don't want you doing that now I'm on board. I love the idea of you getting a break, because some cool things can happen when we pull away, we get another perspective, you may come back thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I just needed a second to remember who I am, what I want and instead of all this built up resentment in this House, I just need to just step away for a little bit. I feel better. Okay. And then there might be a little bit of a reset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like it. I think it's a good idea, but not getting too big. Like, I don't want to do be this father thing ever again. Just take it. I think I need a break.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because when we're living together like that. It's intense and on top of that, again, all those things you don't know what to do and to have this this notion that the big angry expressions aren't healthy for your daughter. I know you really get that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not rushing in and you just can't wait to hear from me. Oh, tell me again. And you're scribbling down. This is what I'm going to do, and this is what I'm gonna say
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not happening yet there's still this like I just want her to get it. In fact, I want her to look at her sister Isabella and get it. I just want her to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the same.
Anthony Garcia: Just want to take her. I just want to take her and myself out of this.
Anthony Garcia: Look who raised her her whole life to say personal raised me, look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know.
Anthony Garcia: You know, it's just that I just blame myself because I put her in this position since the day she was born, I because I didn't want to be a parent. I wanted to be a gangster drug dealer drug addict.
Anthony Garcia: It doesn't wow 13 years later.
Anthony Garcia: I see myself.
Anthony Garcia: In her but a little bit worse because she's very, very smart, she's smart, you know, she she's manipulative, you know, she can, you know,
Anthony Garcia: If she's not getting what she wants from me, she'll go and get her grandpa to undermine me
Anthony Garcia: And and then it when he does that, it like
Anthony Garcia: Oh moves to blow up.
Rage
Gwenevere Abriel: So Anthony some of those pieces are spot on the piece that's missing is yours. I think lingering too much. And it's all my fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of it is
Gwenevere Abriel: But wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I blame is generation after generation of it. So you had a generation, you didn't have anybody to teach you. So just yes you are responsible. But it doesn't stop there. The conversation doesn't stop there. It has to do with. Now what do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Schedule time with me grab her and say I want to do family therapy with when I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. And I want to teach you what I didn't learn
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's listen to one. Let's hear her how she delivers discipline. I, we've got to have the biggest dose of humility. Anthony you've ever had in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not go to shame, be able to say I am learn how to do this stuff and I see some things in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Caitlin that I see in myself when I was younger and I'm concerned I went this direction, I started thinking that I could be slick and I can manipulate people and it would get me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happiness and it didn't, it got me false friends. It got me in sort of this empty sense of self.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to teach you right from wrong, but I, myself, and still working this out. I want to work with a professional. So yeah, I do think you need a family therapist if it's not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, then somebody else that can say to you when you walk in the kitchen and you see the rice. You say, hey, Caitlin, come here, honey. I'd like you to put it away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact, I'd like you to do it 30 times
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: And she'll be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. And you're laughing and giggling and like I know we gotta counted out to and if you leave a wet towel in the bathroom and you walk back and forth 30 times in counted out. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I need you to write sentences 30 times I will put perishable food items away that one might only be 10 times. It's a long sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we have a deadline for that and our or you'll you'll research what
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how many people are starving in such and such countries. So those are a few that I just threw out there. Anthony people know what to do. That's parenting, you don't. You weren't taught those things. Do you see that you just all it is is you just don't know.
Anthony Garcia: And they had the experience because they raised their kids from the moment they were born.
Anthony Garcia: A moment that they were adults. I didn't get that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what we don't get to just if you want to, of course you have the right to say listen too late for me. I'm coming in here. And the final hour and I don't want to it.
Anthony Garcia: But don't get me wrong, I don't want to give up. I don't want to, I want to, I want to, I want to keep trying.
Anthony Garcia: You know, my daughter means more to me than anything in this world and I will definitely try for her but I need that moment I need that.
Anthony Garcia: I need a vacation for myself.
Anthony Garcia: Every day, you know, today's it's it's it's Sunday and Monday. I'll be back and
Anthony Garcia: I'll get right back on it and try it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but do you also hear
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're expecting yourself to know how to do something.
Anthony Garcia: Yes. I mean, because I'm a 36 year old man, I should be able to, you know, at least have some kind of knowledge on this, you know, but now that I'm really realizing, unlike last and I forgot how to ask for now. You know, I just, I got scared because I've had people just do it you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no no no no i'm i'm here and if I'm not enough, then I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna get it get a professional. It doesn't mean it's going to take years. It means a few hacks, a few tricks you can say this work, this didn't work and what you can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you go somewhere else for the family therapy piece is you can come back to you can say this didn't work. I got really frustrated because it didn't work out the way I wanted and then I can say to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what it's like. We have to hold on to the fact that we're doing what's right for our children. They're not going to like us, but you will like you in the end, and eventually they will be grateful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Anthony Garcia: I just wish there was like a meeting where like single dads can get together and discuss these things because
Anthony Garcia: You know, I want to know how, you know, I want to know how other people are doing things and get ideas and stuff. That way I can try these things, you know, seeing
Anthony Garcia: Any single day all my friends and people that I know that have kids do not take care of their kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my god, single that
Anthony Garcia: None of them that I know almost makes me sick. You know, it's like
Anthony Garcia: I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: To me, I don't. All I want for myself is to be
Anthony Garcia: A father
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do they have to be single dads because there's bands that you you are actually you are in one very, I think this week you were in there was, I think he was there, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: There in here there in and and you get you get super shy. You pull weight back in group you go
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: I'm there. I like to hear what other people say, and I don't really like to speak.
Anthony Garcia: Too much in and I start it's
Anthony Garcia: Always been like a person that's been
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, this hasn't been all my life, but pretty much throughout all my addiction and after I got out of prison. I've been very like
Anthony Garcia: I don't know restrain them.
Anthony Garcia: To talk too much to be
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, it's just, it's still that judging thing.
Anthony Garcia: That I have, you know, I feel like someone's gonna judge me for what I say, or something, you know, and I shouldn't care about that stuff because
Anthony Garcia: Pretty much everybody is the same as me. You know, it's like they're got their problems are speaking it
Anthony Garcia: People say that this is what they do and stuff. I want to be able to get that feedback.
Anthony Garcia: Yes, I still have a hard time
Anthony Garcia: expressing myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you something. I'm going to be working and it's been in my background in my mind for years. At this point, which is to create. It's not quite what you asked for, but it, it might get a little closer is a
Gwenevere Abriel: Appear appear group. It's not a fancy term, but it would be a peer run where I wouldn't be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to provide some basic structure. So people don't completely take over the meeting because strong personalities, if there's not a professional there to say, let's make sure other people have a voice looking happen is
Gwenevere Abriel: The whole thing. One person talks so I want to make sure that this this individual that I'm inviting that wants to host it and maybe multiple people could do it. But my point is, I was thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now this idea of 7pm on a Saturday, where I might open a meeting room and walk away and it's it's run by clients and I'm only right heart health clients are there and they you guys talk to each other. Would you be interested in that.
Anthony Garcia: I mean, I can't say like 100% i am i'm interested now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Anthony Garcia: When it when I get in the meeting.
Anthony Garcia: Change. You know, I might
Anthony Garcia: Go back again like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, I won't be there. You can see it, you can shift the whole time. I don't know. I will be there to know
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, that's true, but that, you know, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what
Anthony Garcia: I've been talking with you for a good couple years now. So, you know, I've been able to open up a little bit more but
Anthony Garcia: we unite people that I don't know. I see a lot of times I kind of
Anthony Garcia: close down, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull back. Right. Well, you don't know till you get there. And so if you have just enough of a crack door that you might go
Gwenevere Abriel: Even say hey listen. Feeling pretty you know don't feel like talking too much takes me a while to feel safe. Y'all just kind of chit chat and just if it's okay. I just kind of want to be a part of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, like if I can go in the meeting and and like this time not say anything. Just listen. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I
Anthony Garcia: Don't know it. It helped me
Anthony Garcia: I gotta see people doing things and stuff in it. I don't know. It helps me learn
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I got you. And if there was a gentleman in there that was saying, oh, my kids, they keep back talking me and they're not doing this and they're talking about, blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm feeling disrespected, and then you hear this, this person talking about what they're doing. Maybe you would feel comfortable enough to say, well, here's what's happening for me. What are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: What worked for you and how, how did you get past
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, worrying that they will like you or that they when they say they hate you or they you know they slam the door in your face. You know, you would maybe hopefully feel comfortable enough to kind of have that kind of camaraderie that kind of peer support.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you'd be able to take it in.
Anthony Garcia: And that's why I think it's so hard for me to raise my daughter right now is because even though I'm 36 years old, I don't have a 36 year old mentality. Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: You know, I'm still trying to build up to that now you know my my brain is starting to get to an adult at 36
Anthony Garcia: My daughter's 13 and I came to try to raise a teenager, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: All the time it is so hard.
Anthony Garcia: So it's like almost like a teenager, trying to raise a teenager.
Yes.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I wanna
Anthony Garcia: I need to
Take her
Anthony Garcia: To take a break in my mind right and then come
Anthony Garcia: Back and start learning somebody skills.
Anthony Garcia: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it and give it some thought when you come back that we we may do
Gwenevere Abriel: Do some family stuff as an intervention. I know you have some level of trust with me, we can come up with a way to introduce her to me. Maybe it'll just be a high so she sees not, I'm not a big scary person.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could kind of chit chat a little bit, and we could kind of just take it from there. You don't have to think all about that just kind of have that in the back of your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I know how important this relationship is and it's probably going to be as you said one of the most important jobs, you'll ever have. And believe it or not, eventually it will be the most rewarding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Changing a tire and all that good feeling that you have with customers. They fade away compared to the people we love that we connected in a really honest way with those people.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the stuff that sustains us when we're at five, and we're in bed and like what back I want that that I do in my life.
Anthony Garcia: And then it's like to say she gets a little bit older, maybe in their 20s or whatever. And if she has a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Anthony Garcia: needs help.
Anthony Garcia: Her to be able to say
Anthony Garcia: My dad was a great dad.
Anthony Garcia: Oh, I can, I can
Anthony Garcia: You know,
Anthony Garcia: Leave my kid with it. Grandpa, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Without having to be worried and all that's okay. I want her to be able to trust me too. I want both of us to trust each other and
Gwenevere Abriel: Our
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I know
Anthony Garcia: Like, like you were saying, I mean I guess I didn't realize it, but now that you said it.
Anthony Garcia: It is like a friend relationship, you know, I don't want that. You know, I want to Father. Why do, but I want to father and daughter relationship.
Anthony Garcia: In there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't. Do you have any idea of how many children. I have. I don't know if you know anything about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that amazing how many years we've been working together, you know nothing. So good. That means that I'm sticking with very professional boundaries. But I want you to just know that I have four boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: So three are bonus boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm a blended family, and then another boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So these things work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's hard and I have wanted to give up to. But then I remember my wanting to give up is because of me and then I go
Gwenevere Abriel: On it. That's about me feeling overwhelmed and like, I'm not being perfect. I should be perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh faces tomorrow. I need a break. So I refill.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do everything that I teach, and then I'm back in it and I have such a healthy dose of humility and honesty and humor. I have humility and humor. I give myself permission to say to them, I fucked up yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can say that, do you see I actually say that yeah i really i was a shitty parent. Let me try, let me try again. But that's me. I'm really honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's nothing to hide. There's no mystery. I'm trying to be a good parent okay listen here. Yo, this whole week I have. I've been selected like it on the vegetables and I can't take it. I hope y'all are having smoothies. I'm getting that kale in there. Let's go, let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see it I not ashamed if I'm ashamed, which is tempting sometimes to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I don't like something I'm seeing. And I'm like, oh, that's because I didn't do my job. Dang it. I hate seeing my failures flashback of me, but if I stay there. I'm defeated. I've got to say that was about my insecurity. I've got to put their growth and development first
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is not the same as me meeting a vacation and to refuel it's I refuel, then I've got the strength to go muster up again and then I go at it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was hard. A refuel okay and then I go back in there. Again, it's constant here's here's, here's the journey will go in this way. Come back, come back, come back. Come back, come back. Come back, come back. Nobody's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm far from perfect. I'm not saying I'm the reference standard, but I mean, I do have a master's degree in family therapy and I still suck at it. Sometimes it's a really hard thing to do.
Anthony Garcia: It is
Anthony Garcia: It's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life that I mean even now that I even think about it, it's already hard today, you know, and
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, I just, I don't want to give up on because
Anthony Garcia: She's my kid, you know, you don't give up on your kids, but man, I, I want to, though, you know, but almost to the point where, like, if I leave my when I come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no.
Anthony Garcia: I'm scared of
Anthony Garcia: Like if I leave
Anthony Garcia: My like feel too good, like, oh my god, this is great to not have to be a parent that I might like just
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think so. I think, I think you'll go you'll refuel there's only so much connection, you can get with your grandfather
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just not the same. It's just not the same reward that comes from what you and your daughter. Remember what it's like to play in the living room wants you to understand that these kids have different relationships with each of the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Each each one of them, but at different times in their lives. They were basically my best friend, too. And I was still a pain in the ass and then now I'm playing with them and then I'm a pain in the ass and I'm their friend, you're not going to lose your friendship.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just means in the front end. Look, let's take away all the complexity of it for a second, Anthony. I think what you need is humility not shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go crap. I don't know what I don't know. It got me. Got to get me some new information. I'll ask when I'll go on the internet or read a book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just need humility. You're not supposed to know this. Let go of this thing about the in 36
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how to be a surgeon, either. I don't know. I'm doing some concrete work and I am I'm three layer. I don't know about concrete oh what I'm mercy. I'm on YouTube.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm, I'm doing all time learning and learning and learning, learning and i'm i'm not know if I am ruining my house. I'm not gonna lie to you. I honestly do not know what I'm doing to this House, but I'm gonna do, I'm doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I know I don't know it. So I'm going and learning whatever I can. And asking people, What about this. And what if it does this, and then do I put that and do I put the adhesion, just to depict that BA BA BA BA BA, but I have humility. I don't think I should know
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not kidding, it's just skills know those can be taught. I can't teach you until you get the humility until you say hands up. I give in.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm humble. This is a big deal. I don't know what I don't know. I'll go get the skills I could get them, but I'm going to stop acting like I should know already. I don't have the humility to say, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it. I can't teach that you're either going to jump in that pool with the rest of us that keep making mistakes or you're going to think you're supposed to know already.
Anthony Garcia: I just, I get I want to jump in that pool.
Because
Anthony Garcia: I want to, I want to, I want to feel and do what I see other parents do you know it's like
Anthony Garcia: Almost to where this thing is so hard for me is so easy for that is because they've been doing it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not easy. It looks easy my next clients here, Anthony. But listen, dude go take that break and come back and we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll do it a little differently will add some more stuff if you can wrap your head around. Really what humility might look like in your life where you just drop the shame game just drop it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let go of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guilt takes effort to address it means I dropped the ball over here. What do I need to do I need to learn something asked for help. I need to make some changes. What are they, and you don't sit there and give yourself a hard time, you just start doing things differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go enjoy just go have fun. I think you'll come right back. It's just you need a break. You need one for a long time.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, it's not just here is for like my work and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I hope you go because when you do come back I end up hearing stories and it's it's really refueling for you. I would say go for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not good. I'll see you in a couple weeks maybe do this two weeks from now.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah. And then that same week I'll have a group that week to I guess that's how I'm doing it now. I'm happy group and individual the same week and then I skip a week and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I do have something on June 5 I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually training. So I have to push it, just a little bit to June 12 okay June 12 and then it'll actually be an alternation it'll know
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, I'm proud of you, the willingness to listen to the kinds of things that I said to you today. You've got what it takes you how much you looked at the dark side of yourself just now, maybe I don't want to be a fucking parent
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the hard
I don't. Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: That hurt my feelings, a lot, you know,
Anthony Garcia: No.
Anthony Garcia: I almost made me sad to know that that's
Anthony Garcia: I did I, you know, like I thought that this is what I wanted to find out that part of me doesn't you know if it hurts me
Gwenevere Abriel: But, Anthony. We all want to throw our hands up. You don't know that because no one. You're not talking to other parents about it. We all want to give up.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all do. It's so hard. And then we go oh I can't do that. And then we come back. It's okay. You're not broken. You're not evil. You're not a bad man. Okay. Okay. I'll take a break. Have fun.
Anthony Garcia: See in a couple weeks. Bye.